docs: Refactor frequent-ngmodules.md to make it easier to understand (#38167)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/frequent-ngmodules.md

   <td>To build reactive forms</td>
 </tr>

 <tr>
   <td><code>RouterModule</code></td>
   <td><code>@angular/router</code></td>
   <td>To use <code>RouterLink</code>, <code>.forRoot()</code>, and <code>.forChild()</code></td>
 </tr>

 <tr>
   <td><code>HttpClientModule</code></td>
   <td><code>@angular/common/http</code></td>
   <td>To talk to a server</td>
 </tr>

</table>

## Importing frequently-used NgModules

To make a frequently-used NgModule available to your entire app, import it into `AppModule`.
To make it available only to a specific NgModule in your app, import it into that specific NgModule.

To import one or more NgModules, list them in the `@NgModule`
`imports` array.
For example, `BrowserModule` is the first import at the top of the root NgModule `AppModule` (in the `app.module.ts` file) generated by the [Angular CLI](cli) for a new app project:

<code-example path="ngmodules/src/app/app.module.1.ts" header="src/app/app.module.ts (default AppModule)"></code-example>

<div class="alert is-helpful">

To learn more about the root NgModule, see [Launching an app with a root NgModule](guide/bootstrapping "Launching an app with a root NgModule").

</div>

> What happens if you import the same NgModule into more than one NgModule in your app?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you import the same ngModule into multiple ngModules in your application, Angular evaluates the import only once.
```
In general, we try to avoid asking questions in our docs.

Author: Making this change manually in the next commit.

> Angular evaluates the import of the NgModule once, the first time it encounters it, and doesn't do so again.

Reviewer: If you adopt my previous edit, this sentence is no longer necessary.

Author: Making this change manually in the next commit.

> ## Using BrowserModule and CommonModule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using `BrowserModule` and `CommonModule`
```

Author: OK, made the change. FYI, I removed code font on purpose because the Google style guide Formatting a heading or title recommends to not use code font in headings.
